# Jan20, 2022
<!-- markdown-toc start - Don't edit this section. Run M-x markdown-toc-refresh-toc -->
**Table of Contents**

- [Jan20, 2022](#jan20-2022)
    - [Multi-class classifier Vs multiple binary classifiers](#multi-class-classifier-vs-multiple-binary-classifiers)
    - [Writing framework based on hand detections](#writing-framework-based-on-hand-detections)
    - [A trainable SOTA spatio-temporal framework](#a-trainable-sota-spatio-temporal-framework)
    - [A reference from book about low-parameters.](#a-reference-from-book-about-low-parameters)
    - [The printed website makes it to appendix of each section](#the-printed-website-makes-it-to-appendix-of-each-section)
    - [A silence detector to detect no active regions for typing](#a-silence-detector-to-detect-no-active-regions-for-typing)
    - [Activity maps](#activity-maps)
    - [Why are FN always 0 for typing framework?](#why-are-fn-always-0-for-typing-framework)

<!-- markdown-toc end -->

## Multi-class classifier Vs multiple binary classifiers
* Feedback:
  See homeworks from CV 2021 to determine if a combined classifier
  that can recognize writing, no-writing, talking and no-talking is
  better than one!
	
* Response:
  The writing worked better as a binary classifier. Hence I would like
  to have a separate binary classifier for typing and writing.
  [Click for more details](../literature-review/marios_classes.md#multi-class-classifier-vs-multiple-binary-classifiers)
  
* Feedback:
<span color="red">I understood it wrong.</span> New note is in [01-26-2022, combination classifier](./01-26-2022.md#combination-classifier).
  
## Writing framework based on hand detections
* Feedback:
  Implement a writing framework based on hand detections from Sravani

* Response:

## A trainable SOTA spatio-temporal framework
* Feedback:
  Does `mmaction2` support training a complete spatio-temporal framework?

* Response:
  The framework requries us to generate proposal regions using FAIR's
  long-term feature bank. This is quite time consuming so I moved on
  to improving our algorithm. For more information please refer
  [spatio-temporal-framework.md](../literature-review/sota.md#spatio-temporal-frameworks)
  
## A reference from book about low-parameters.
* Feedback:
  Reference from *Hands-On Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn, Keras, and TensorFlow*
  that says that low-parameter networks are more generalizable.
  
* Response:
  I am unable to find a statement that is spot on, but I got close.
  Please refer the
  [less parametrs implies better generalizability](../literature-review/dnn_concepts.md#less-parametrs-implies-better-generalizability)

* Feedback2:
  The general principle of parsimonious data modeling states that if
  two models in some way adequately model a given set of data, the one
  that is described by a fewer number of parameters will have better
  predictive ability given new data.  
  Look for an official reference of parsimonious data models.
  Look up the words in Stanford's books.
  
* Response2:
  I got multiple references from textbooks, please refer
  [General principle of parsimonious data modeling](../literature-review/dnn_concepts.md#general-principle-of-parsimonious-data-modeling).
  
## The printed website makes it to appendix of each section
* Feedback: Print the static website to appendix of each chapter
* Response:

## A silence detector to detect no active regions for typing
* Feedback:
  1. Is it posssible to train a very low complex classifier that can easily distinguish regions in the video where there is no-typing?
  2. Use very simple features such as histogram of SAD of frames
  
* Response:

## Activity maps
* **Feedback:**
  Seperate ground truth, algorithm and performance
* Response:
  Now ground truth and algorithm activity maps are spearted
  from performance maps.
## Why are FN always 0 for typing framework?
* Feedback:
  This can be studied when working on writing-framework.
* Response:
